Use infra help desk repo, not Jira issues (#4862)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/plugin-governance/deprecating-or-removing-plugin.adoc

. Submit a pull request to the Update Center's https://github.com/jenkins-infra/update-center2/blob/master/resources/artifact-ignores.properties[artifact-ignores.properties] file
. Archive the plugin's repository
** If you have admin permissions in the repository, it is possible to do it from the GitHub's web interface

> ** Otherwise, create a link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=github-permissions&template=2-github-permissions.ymlhttps://issues.jenkins.io/[help desk] ticket to archive the plugin's repository

Reviewer: I don't think this search and replace worked. Also not sure what the policy should be. Infra hasn't really been handling plugin requests at all

Reviewer: Oh seeing the next one there's a specific template

Either way the url is broken

Author: Fixed.

> ** Otherwise, create a link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=github-permissions&template=2-github-permissions.ymlhttps://issues.jenkins.io/[help desk] ticket to archive the plugin's repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Otherwise, create a link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/new?assignees=&labels=github-permissions&template=2-github-permissions.yml[help desk] ticket to archive the plugin's repository
```
